BCL7 Transcriptional Target Prediction Predict   genes for transcription factor
binding.  Protein-Protein Interaction Network Inference Predict a PPI network
47 proteins  Microarray Synthetic Gene Network Inference Infer a gene regulation
network from qPCR   microarray meaurements Insilico AGCT In Silico Network
Challenge  Infer various network topologies from simulated measurements Ecoli
Genome Scale Network Inference Reconstruct a genome scale regulatory network
from a large collection  microarrays Signaling Cascade Identification Infer a
signaling network from flow cytometery data Signaling Response Prediction
Predict missing protein concentrations from a large corpus   meaurements DNA
Model Gene Expression Prediction Predict missing gene expression measurements
Insilico AGCT In Silico Network Challenge
 Infer simulated gene regulation networks Peptide Recognition Domain (PRD)
Specificity Prediction Predict protein-protein interactions at   level   binding
domains   peptides Insilico AGCT Silico Network Challenge
 Infer simulated gene regulation networks   predict gene expression measurements
Predictive Signaling Network Modeling Predict phosphoprotein measurements using
an interpretable, predictive network Epitope-Antibody Recognition (EAR)
Challenge  Predict   binding specificity   peptide-antibody interactions. DNA
TF-DNA Motif Reco
gnition Challenge
 Predict   specificity   a Transcription Factor binding to a 35-mer probe.
Systems Genetics Challenge
 Predict dise e phenotypes   infer Gene Networks from Systems Genetics data AGCT
Network Inference Challenge
 Infer simulated   in-vivo gene regulation networks Alternative Splicing
Alternative Splicing Challenge
 Goal w  to reconstruct   alternatively spliced mRNA transcripts from short-read
mRNA
seq data Estimation Model Estimation   Model Parameters Challenge
 Inference     kinetic parameters   three gene regulatory networks by iterative
optimization   experimental design. Eukaryote Gene Expression Prediction
Challenge
 Predict gene expression levels from promoter sequences in eukaryotes Leukemia
FlowCA
P2 Molecular Classification    diagnose Acute Myeloid Leukemia from patient
samples using flow cytometry data. Network Topology   Parameter Inference
Challenge
 Participants develop   apply optimization methods, including   selection
most informative experiments, to accurately estimate parameters   predict
outcomes   perturbations in Systems Biology models, complete   incomplete
structure     model for a gene regulatory network.i Prognosis Sage bionetworks
DREAM Breast Cancer Prognosis Challenge     breast cancer prognosis challenge
accuracy   computational models designed to predict bre t cancer survival, based
on clinical information    genome-wide molecular pr iling data including gene
expression   copy number 

Genome-wide molecular  data including gene expression   copy number Trans Med
2013 Prize4life   DREAM Phil Bowen ALS Prediction Prize4Life    to predict
future progression   disease in ALS patient NCI Drug NCI-DREAM Drug Sensitivity
Prediction     Challenge   molecular measurements   cellular drug response is
central  to precision medicine.   first integrate multiple omics  predict
drug sensitivity in breast cancer cell_lines.   gene expression   copy number to
predict drug  synergies in B cell lymphoma.  HPN-DREAM Breast Cancer network
Inference Challeng    extensive proteomics time-course four breast cancer cell
lines   with analyzing   data to solve 3 sub-challenges. Lympho NIEHS-NCAT
DREAM Toxicogenetics Challenge  Participants genetics   transcriptomics
information      Genomes Project www.1000genomes.org,   well   cytotoxicity
compound exposure over a hundred toxic agents using   1000 genomes cell_lines
with solving two related subchallenges.    WholeCell Parameter Estimation DREAM
Challenge Participants were provided with whole cell model   with estimating
model parameters for specific biological rocesses from simul    ated data.
Broad-DREAM Gene Essentiality Prediction Challenge   Develop predictive odels o
infer genes that are essential to cancer cell viability using gene expression
/or gene copy number features. dream 9 Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) Outcome
Prediction Predict   outcome   treatment   AML (resistant or remission),
remission duration   overall survival   on clinical cytogentics, known genetics
markers   phosphoproteomic data. challenge alzheimers Alzheimerâ€™s Disease Big
Data DREAM Challenge Predict    biomarkers for early AD-related cognitive
decline   high amyloid levels   cognitive    ICGC TCGA DREAM Somatic Mutation
Calling Challenge ICGC TCGA DREAM Somatic Mutation  Challenge   Predict cancer-
sociated mutations from whole-genome sequencing data. Rheumatoid     Arthritis
heumatoid Arthritis Responder Challenge   This Challenge  d validated molecular
predictors    ALS Stratification Prize4Life Challenge  This challenge is a
follow on to   DREAM 7 ALS Prize 4 Life Challenge  his Challenge  focuses on
predicting   progression   survival   ALS patients.   Challenge  will leverage
PRO-ACT  Challenge  training set validation. Challenge  Prostate Prostate Cancer
DREAM Challenge  This challenge will focus on predicting urvival for prostate
cancer  variables. 
